Try to get formally executed for a crime you didn't commit, without a false confession.
Being alone and in large groups are both frightening.  Try to be alone with only one other person whenever possible.
No matter how they say it, other people keep mispronouncing your name.  Be sure to correct them whenever possible.
The Syndicate has hired you to compile dossiers on all important members of the crew. Be sure they don't know you're doing it.
There is only one other person in existence, he is just really good at pretending to be multiple people.
There are alien parasites masquerading as people's hair.  Save people from this invasion.
You died back there and went to heaven... or is it hell? No one here seems to know they're dead. Convince them, and maybe you can escape this limbo.
You are doomed to feel woefully incomplete forever... until you find your true love on this station. They're waiting for you!
You're the narrator of this tale. Follow around the protagonists to tell their story.
The leaders of this station are hiding a grand, evil conspiracy. Only you can learn what it is, and expose it to the people!
All the pets around here suck. You need to make them cooler. Replace them with exotic beasts!
You're throwing a huge rager. Make it as awesome as possible so the whole crew comes... OR ELSE!
The clown is not funny. You can do better! Steal his audience and make the crew laugh!
You burn with passion for music. Share your vision. If anyone hates it, beat them on the head with your instrument!
Go have a good conversation with the singularity/tesla/supermatter crystal. Bonus points if it responds.
You are pregnant and soon due. Find a safe place to deliver your baby.
Expand the station.
So much lies undiscovered. Look deeper into the machinations of the universe.
Climb the corporate ladder all the way to the top!
Fuck the system! Defect from the station and start an independent colony in space, Lavaland or the derelict. Recruit crewmates if you can.
Nanotrasen is abusing the animals! Save as many as you can!
It's all an entirely virtual simulation within an underground vault. Convince the crew to escape the shackles of VR.
This is a secret social experiment conducted by Nanotrasen. Convince the crew that this is the truth.
Call forth a spirit from the other side.
You are secretly an android. Interface with as many machines as you can to boost your own power so the AI may acknowledge you at last.
The elder gods hunger. Gather a cult and conduct a ritual to summon one.
You have been changed forever. Find the ones that did this to you and give them a taste of their own medicine.
Ensure your department prospers over all else.
The crew must get to know one another better. Break down the walls inside the station!
The CEO of Nanotrasen is coming! Ensure the station is in absolutely pristine condition.
Flood the station's powernet with as much electricity as you can.
Replace all the floor tiles with wood, carpeting, grass or bling.
You must escape the station! Get the shuttle called!
Don't allow anyone to be cloned.
The oxygen is killing them all and they don't even know it. Make sure no oxygen is on the station.
Your body must be improved. Ingest as many drugs as you can.
You are hungry. Eat as much food as you can find.
You see you see what they cannot you see the open door you seeE you SEeEe you SEe yOU seEee SHOW THEM ALL
Convince the crew that you are a paraplegic.
Start a collection of corpses. Don't kill people to get these corpses.